README.md, before:

# HandheldHub 
### Gaming Handheld Review and Comparison Website

[Visit Website](https://festus123-001-site1.qtempurl.com/home/1)

🎮 Handheld Gaming Review Platform

This project is a web-based platform for gaming handhelds. It allows users to read, write, and explore reviews for popular handheld gaming devices. It also provides a side by side comparison tool so users can easily evaluate and compare specifications such as performance, display, battery life, and more.

<img width="3016" height="1728" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b95f0e79-da56-45de-bc72-7c18f69bb8b6" />


The goal of the platform is to help gamers make informed decisions by combining community-driven reviews with clear, structured hardware comparisons.

### 🚀 Features
- Read and write reviews for gaming handhelds  
- Compare specifications of popular handheld devices  
- Secure user authentication and authorization  
- Responsive and modern user interface  


### 🔐 Authentication & Authorization
- ASP.NET Core Identity  
- JWT access tokens with refresh tokens  
- Controller-based authentication and authorization  



### ☁️ Deployment
- The application was previously deployed using azure app services, but is now using SmarterASP





### 🛠️ Tech Stack

- Backend: ASP.NET Core (Controllers, Identity, JWT)

- Frontend: React + TypeScript (Vite)

- Authentication: JWT & Refresh Tokens

- Hosting / Deployment:

- deployed on SmarterASP.NET

Commit message:

Enhance features in README with user profiles
Added browsing user profiles and reading reviews feature.

README.md, after:

# HandheldHub 
### Gaming Handheld Review and Comparison Website

[Visit Website](https://festus123-001-site1.qtempurl.com/home/1)

🎮 Handheld Gaming Review Platform

This project is a web-based platform for gaming handhelds. It allows users to read, write, and explore reviews for popular handheld gaming devices. It also provides a side by side comparison tool so users can easily evaluate and compare specifications such as performance, display, battery life, and more.

<img width="3016" height="1728" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b95f0e79-da56-45de-bc72-7c18f69bb8b6" />


The goal of the platform is to help gamers make informed decisions by combining community-driven reviews with clear, structured hardware comparisons.

### 🚀 Features
- Read and write reviews for gaming handhelds  
- Compare specifications of popular handheld devices  
- Secure user authentication and authorization  
- Responsive and modern user interface
- Browse user profiles and read other user reviews


### 🔐 Authentication & Authorization
- ASP.NET Core Identity  
- JWT access tokens with refresh tokens  
- Controller-based authentication and authorization



### ☁️ Deployment
- The application was previously deployed using azure app services, but is now using SmarterASP




### 🛠️ Tech Stack

- Backend: ASP.NET Core (Controllers, Identity, JWT)

- Frontend: React + TypeScript (Vite)

- Authentication: JWT & Refresh Tokens

- Hosting / Deployment:

- deployed on SmarterASP.NET
